So earlier our project was cut off due to my light cut off, it was stopped so we are going in a flow like my indicator from trading way will give a signal to just buy or sell and it will be executed in It will be executed in MetaTrader 5 using a bridge, okay, we are going like this and I Already attached the earlier prompt what I gave to you, but Now I am I have also attached it the Now I have also attached the zip file which was made earlier, but it was just stopped due to some reason So now you just continue that flow and make one more continue that flow and complete the project and I Also attached the trading way indicator file So you have to just modify the little bit indicator like when the signal of buy or sell will be given We also have to give a signal of TP and SL. Okay, take profit and SL we have to give so the SL will be like this if Trading you just gave a signal to buy then the SL will be like this the SL will be just 20 pips below the buy signal and the TP will be upside until The sell side signal is given. Okay until the opposite opposite signal is given. We will hold the trade and When a sell signal is given we will exit the trade fully. Okay like this So, please continue everything and I also attach the zip file so you can just continue from there and you don't have to start restart everythingOkay, then let me use the indicator in my trading view chart and I want it to directly when the indicator gives a buy or sell signal, I want it to directly take the trade in MT5. How can I do it? Explain me fully. Okay. The indicator will give the buy or sell signal and the MT5 should directly execute the signal with SL and TP everything. Okay. How can I do it? Can you please explain me?and also can you please modify the indicator little so it also gives a perfect stop-loss position so good stop-loss and take profit will also be defined in it okay you already have the details so can you please give a good stop-loss position in the indicator that it also indicates the perfect stop-loss and TP for the train.... this was the eariler promt i gave So earlier our project was cut off due to my light cut off, it was stopped so we are going in a flow like my indicator from trading way will give a signal to just buy or sell and it will be executed in It will be executed in MetaTrader 5 using a bridge, okay, we are going like this and I Already attached the earlier prompt what I gave to you, but Now I am I have also attached it the Now I have also attached the zip file which was made earlier, but it was just stopped due to some reason So now you just continue that flow and make one more continue that flow and complete the project and I Also attached the trading way indicator file So you have to just modify the little bit indicator like when the signal of buy or sell will be given We also have to give a signal of TP and SL. Okay, take profit and SL we have to give so the SL will be like this if Trading you just gave a signal to buy then the SL will be like this the SL will be just 20 pips below the buy signal and the TP will be upside until The sell side signal is given. Okay until the opposite opposite signal is given. We will hold the trade and When a sell signal is given we will exit the trade fully. Okay like this So, please continue everything and I also attach the zip file so you can just continue from there and you don't have to start restart everything  
